readme.md, before:

# Dream Journals
A progressive web app to save you your dream journals. 

## Demo
Coming soon!

## Site
Coming Soon!

### Landing Page
Coming Soon!

### Development
Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request 

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the webapp came up with a error), 
kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/adunham95/dreamjournal/issues/new) by including your 
search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue 
[here](https://github.com/adunham95/dreamjournal/issues/new). Please include samples with there requested outcome


## Built with 
NodeJS backend
Angular frontend

## To-do
-MVP

## Team

[Adrian](https://github.com/adunham95)
[Anthony](https://github.com/AmGarera)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Updated read me with development steps

readme.md, after:

# Dream Journals
A progressive web app to save you your dream journals. 

## Demo
Coming soon!

## Site
Coming Soon!

### Landing Page
Coming Soon!

### Development
The server hosts the whats in the public folder. 
For font end development work in the webclient folder. 
When you run the build process in the build folder it will compile the code into the main public folder for hosting.

### Contribute
Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request 

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the webapp came up with a error), 
kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/adunham95/dreamjournal/issues/new) by including your 
search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue 
[here](https://github.com/adunham95/dreamjournal/issues/new). Please include samples with there requested outcome


## Built with 
NodeJS backend
Angular frontend

## To-do
-MVP

## Team

[Adrian](https://github.com/adunham95)
[Anthony](https://github.com/AmGarera)

## License

MIT
